Project team names: Tatsumi Eng and Robin Tian
1. We choose to do the snake game in python for this project. We want to explore drawing functions we did in the first half of this semester. We also want to explore more functions using the while statement. After doing this assignment, we hope we are able to make more mini and fun games using python
2. The learning goal for this project is to keep practicing functions with conditions as well as practicing functions for drawing in python.
3. We will use the import function first and we will write codes that can create a screen and a snake. Then, we will write some codes to run the program. Functions utilized are yet to be determined. 
4. With about 3-3.5 weeks left to do the project, we will have to work quickly. We do not have any set goals but every week would like to get a substantial portion of the code done. It would be ideal for us to leave a week to do a final debugging and make sure everything in our code is good and we have satisfied all of the requirements needed for the project.
5. Majority of the time we actually plan to work together on the project. But when time permits we will try to figure out issues on our own. In the end, if we have different individual code, we will try to integrate it with each other. We plan to use agile development that way we can quickly iterate and make changes to our code when we feel it is needed. 
6. The biggest risk of this project is just if the game doesn't work and different parts of the game that we are trying to implement isn't work. Debugging and troubleshooting is a big part of python so hopefully we can do our best to prevent these issues. 
7. We think that if functions and loops would be particularly helpful in this project. We want the snake to move around so early lessons like the turtle function we used to draw certain things will probably be especially helpful during the making of this project. 
